Launching lib/main.dart on Chrome in debug mode...
Waiting for connection from debug service on Chrome...             43,4s
This app is linked to the debug service: ws://127.0.0.1:38659/8W2vO714BvM=/ws
Debug service listening on ws://127.0.0.1:38659/8W2vO714BvM=/ws

💪 Running with sound null safety 💪

🔥  To hot restart changes while running, press "r" or "R".
For a more detailed help message, press "h". To quit, press "q".

An Observatory debugger and profiler on Chrome is available at: http://127.0.0.1:38659/8W2vO714BvM=
The Flutter DevTools debugger and profiler on Chrome is available at: http://127.0.0.1:9101?uri=http://127.0.0.1:38659/8W2vO714BvM=
══╡ EXCEPTION CAUGHT BY WIDGETS LIBRARY ╞═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
The following UnsupportedError was thrown building HomeView(dirty):
Unsupported operation: Platform._operatingSystem

The relevant error-causing widget was:
  HomeView
  HomeView:file:///home/niltoncesar/projetos/puc/puc/pucextrato/lib/app/modules/login/views/login_view.dart:124:67

When the exception was thrown, this was the stack:
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/errors.dart 266:49      throw_
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/io_patch.dart 244:5                   _operatingSystem
dart-sdk/lib/io/platform_impl.dart 56:40                                          get operatingSystem
dart-sdk/lib/io/platform.dart 64:45                                               get _operatingSystem
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/operations.dart 872:8   get
dart-sdk/lib/io/platform.dart 149:51                                              get isAndroid
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/operations.dart 872:8   get
packages/curved_labeled_navigation_bar/curved_navigation_bar.dart 67:38           new
packages/pucextrato/app/modules/home/views/home_view.dart 30:28                   build
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5038:22                               build
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4968:15                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6377:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6377:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6377:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5124:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6377:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5124:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6377:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5124:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5124:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6377:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5124:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6377:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5124:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5124:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5124:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6377:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6377:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5124:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5124:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6377:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5124:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5124:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5124:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6377:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5124:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4950:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5124:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4944:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3953:15                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6512:36                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3682:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6041:32                               updateChildren
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6537:17                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3660:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5156:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3660:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5301:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3660:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5301:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart 107:11                       update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3660:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5156:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3660:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5301:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/inherited_notifier.dart 107:11                       update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3660:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5156:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3660:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5301:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3660:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5156:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3660:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6384:14                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3660:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6384:14                               update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3660:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5301:5                                update
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3660:14                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4993:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5133:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 2743:18                               buildScope
packages/flutter/src/widgets/binding.dart 863:9                                   drawFrame
packages/flutter/src/rendering/binding.dart 381:5                                 [_handlePersistentFrameCallback]
packages/flutter/src/scheduler/binding.dart 1289:15                               [_invokeFrameCallback]
packages/flutter/src/scheduler/binding.dart 1218:9                                handleDrawFrame
packages/flutter/src/scheduler/binding.dart 1076:5                                [_handleDrawFrame]
lib/_engine/engine/platform_dispatcher.dart 1168:13                               invoke
lib/_engine/engine/platform_dispatcher.dart 218:5                                 invokeOnDrawFrame
lib/_engine/engine/initialization.dart 190:45                                     <fn>
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/operations.dart 367:37  _checkAndCall
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/operations.dart 372:39  dcall

════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

Application finished.
